[Music]
[Music] but please job here my speech and listen
but please job here my speech and listen
but please job here my speech and listen to all my words now I open my mouth my
to all my words now I open my mouth my
to all my words now I open my mouth my tongue speaks in my mouth my words come
tongue speaks in my mouth my words come
tongue speaks in my mouth my words come from my upright heart my lips utter pure
from my upright heart my lips utter pure
from my upright heart my lips utter pure knowledge the Spirit of God has made me
knowledge the Spirit of God has made me
knowledge the Spirit of God has made me and the breath of the almighty gives me
and the breath of the almighty gives me
and the breath of the almighty gives me life if you can answer me set your words
life if you can answer me set your words
life if you can answer me set your words in order before me take your stand truly
in order before me take your stand truly
in order before me take your stand truly I am
I am
I am as your spokesman before God I also have
as your spokesman before God I also have
as your spokesman before God I also have been formed out of clay surely no fear
been formed out of clay surely no fear
been formed out of clay surely no fear of me will terrify you nor will my hand
of me will terrify you nor will my hand
of me will terrify you nor will my hand be heavy on you surely you have spoken
be heavy on you surely you have spoken
be heavy on you surely you have spoken in my hearing and I have heard the sound
in my hearing and I have heard the sound
in my hearing and I have heard the sound of your words saying I am pure without
of your words saying I am pure without
of your words saying I am pure without transgression I am innocent
transgression I am innocent
transgression I am innocent and there is no iniquity in me yet he
and there is no iniquity in me yet he
and there is no iniquity in me yet he finds occasions against me he counts me
finds occasions against me he counts me
finds occasions against me he counts me as his enemy he puts my feet in the
as his enemy he puts my feet in the
as his enemy he puts my feet in the stocks he watches all my paths
stocks he watches all my paths
stocks he watches all my paths [Music]
[Music]
[Music] in this you are not righteous I will
in this you are not righteous I will
in this you are not righteous I will answer you for God is greater than man
answer you for God is greater than man
answer you for God is greater than man why do you contend with him for he does
why do you contend with him for he does
why do you contend with him for he does not give an accounting of any of his
not give an accounting of any of his
not give an accounting of any of his words for God may speak in one way or in
words for God may speak in one way or in
words for God may speak in one way or in another yet man does not perceive it in
another yet man does not perceive it in
another yet man does not perceive it in a dream in a vision of the night when
a dream in a vision of the night when
a dream in a vision of the night when deep sleep falls upon men while
deep sleep falls upon men while
deep sleep falls upon men while slumbering on their beds then he opens
slumbering on their beds then he opens
slumbering on their beds then he opens the ears of men and seals their
the ears of men and seals their
the ears of men and seals their instruction in order to turn man from
instruction in order to turn man from
instruction in order to turn man from his deed and conceal pride from man
his deed and conceal pride from man
his deed and conceal pride from man he keeps back his soul from the pit and
he keeps back his soul from the pit and
he keeps back his soul from the pit and his life from perishing by the sword man
his life from perishing by the sword man
his life from perishing by the sword man is also chastened with pain on his bed
is also chastened with pain on his bed
is also chastened with pain on his bed and with strong pain in many of his
and with strong pain in many of his
and with strong pain in many of his bones so that his life abhors bread and
bones so that his life abhors bread and
bones so that his life abhors bread and his soul succulent food his flesh wastes
his soul succulent food his flesh wastes
his soul succulent food his flesh wastes away from sight and his bones stick out
away from sight and his bones stick out
away from sight and his bones stick out which once were not seen yes his soul
which once were not seen yes his soul
which once were not seen yes his soul draws near the pit and his life to the
draws near the pit and his life to the
draws near the pit and his life to the executioner's if there is a messenger
executioner's if there is a messenger
executioner's if there is a messenger for him a mediator one among a thousand
for him a mediator one among a thousand
for him a mediator one among a thousand to show man his uprightness then he is
to show man his uprightness then he is
to show man his uprightness then he is gracious to him and says deliver him
gracious to him and says deliver him
gracious to him and says deliver him from going down to the pit I have found
from going down to the pit I have found
from going down to the pit I have found a ransom
a ransom
a ransom his flesh shall be young like a child's
his flesh shall be young like a child's
his flesh shall be young like a child's he shall return to the days of his youth
he shall return to the days of his youth
he shall return to the days of his youth he shall pray to God and He will delight
he shall pray to God and He will delight
he shall pray to God and He will delight in him he shall see his face with joy
in him he shall see his face with joy
in him he shall see his face with joy for he restores to man his righteousness
for he restores to man his righteousness
for he restores to man his righteousness then he looks at men and says I have
then he looks at men and says I have
then he looks at men and says I have sinned
sinned
sinned and perverted what was right and it did
and perverted what was right and it did
and perverted what was right and it did not profit me he will redeem his soul
not profit me he will redeem his soul
not profit me he will redeem his soul from going down to the pit and his life
from going down to the pit and his life
from going down to the pit and his life shall see the light behold God works all
shall see the light behold God works all
shall see the light behold God works all these things twice in fact three times
these things twice in fact three times
these things twice in fact three times with a man to bring back his soul from
with a man to bring back his soul from
with a man to bring back his soul from the pit that he may be enlightened with
the pit that he may be enlightened with
the pit that he may be enlightened with the light of life
the light of life
the light of life give ear job listen to me hold your
give ear job listen to me hold your
give ear job listen to me hold your peace and I will speak if you have
peace and I will speak if you have
peace and I will speak if you have anything to say answer me
anything to say answer me
anything to say answer me speak for I desire to justify you if not
speak for I desire to justify you if not
speak for I desire to justify you if not listen to me hold your peace
listen to me hold your peace
listen to me hold your peace and I will teach you wisdom
and I will teach you wisdom
and I will teach you wisdom you